Update manage-groups.md (#6653)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/manage-groups.md

    
4. Select **Save**.

> [!NOTE]

> > The changes could take 30 minutes to propogate and let external users email the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The changes could take up to 30 minutes to propagate and let external users email the organization.
```
